Fees and Scholarships
The tuition fee for the MSc Engineering Design & Innovation programme and other miscellaneous fees are as follows. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are subject to prevailing Goods & Services Tax (GST). The University reserves all rights to review fees as necessary and adjust accordingly without prior notice.

Fees
For August 2027 intake : to be determined


To be paid in two equal installments, i.e. start of first and second regular semesters
No additional tuition fee for students who extend their candidature to the third regular semester
Application fee	SGD 109 (including GST) is non-refundable and non-transferable
Acceptance fee	is SGD 5,450 (including GST), payable upon acceptance of offer and it is non-refundable and non-transferable
Acceptance fee will be credited towards tuition fee

Miscellaneous student fees	As published by NUS Office of the University Registrar
Payable every regular semester
* NOTE: This is based on a GST rate of 9% in 2024 and may be subject to change.

Scholarships
Explore funding options offered by esteemed organisations worldwide designed to recognise your achievements and help you reach your educational goals. From merit-based awards to need-based financial aid, find the resources that align with your aspirations and apply with confidence.


Tuition fee rebate or discount for local students and NUS alumni
All NUS alumni will enjoy a 40% tuition fee rebate. However, alumni of EDIC's Design-Centric Curriculum / Design-Centric Programme / Innovation & Design Programme can enjoy a rebate of up to 60%.
All Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents who are not NUS alumni will also be extended a 40% tuition fee rebate.

Note: The tuition fee rebate cannot be combined with scholarships, study awards, grants, sponsorships, bursaries, or other types of financial assistance.


International Scholarships Information
LPDP (Lembaga Pengelola Dana Pendidikan) scholarship programme
This scholarship is only for Indonesian applicants.
LPDP is committed to preparing Indonesian future leaders and professionals through scholarships and encouraging research innovation through research funding. 

The LPDP typically holds two application batches each year, and the timeline for this year’s applications can be found here: Application Timeline. The schedule for the next year is generally similar to this. More information about the LPDP can be found at the LPDP official website.

We also have a Singapore branch of the awardee community. Follow them through their Instagram account: LPDP Singapore Instagram.

 

