Master of Science in Engineering Design & Innovation

Ready to change the world? The MSc in Engineering Design & Innovation at NUS is your ticket to tackling 21st-century challenges.
Dive into a dynamic programme where you will team up with peers and professors to solve society’s toughest problems.
We are talking environmental sustainability, global warming, waste overload, urban congestion, overconsumption – big stuff!

Why the EDI Programme?
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Gain multi-disciplinary perspectives and broader experiences, and develop the skills to work effectively in multi-disciplinary teams with extensive opportunities to hone communications skills.
Cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset to participate in design and innovation activities, which is much needed to enable value creation in any organisation.
Cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset to participate in design and innovation activities, which is much needed to enable value creation in any organisation.

Explore EDI Courses
With 5 epic core courses: Engineering Systems Design, Design Thinking & Product Development, Ideas to Market,
Innovation by Design and an Interdisciplinary Design Project, you will be equipped with all the tools you need to challenge your creativity and passion.
Plus, with elective courses in Design, Enterprise, and Technology, you get to tailor your experience to match your passion.
And don't forget about the hands-on internship opportunities that will give you real-world experience to complement your learning.

Programme Requirements and Courses :
Core Courses
CDE5301 Interdisciplinary Design Project
CDE5302 Design Thinking and Product Development
CDE5303 Engineering Systems Design
CDE5304 Ideas to Market or CDE5313 Innovation by Design

Elective courses offered by EDIC :
CDE5311 Designing UX/UI for Human-Centred AI
CDE5312 Beyond the Surface: Exploring Interactive Wearables
Other electives from the Design, Enterprise and Technology are offered by other departments

How to Apply
This MSc programme only admits students once per academic year.

The application window for this intake is now open from 1 October 2025 to 28 February 2026.
Applications must be submitted via the NUS Graduate Admission System.

Our recorded Online Information Session is available at our website. Click to learn more about the MSc EDI programme.

Student Life and non-academic opportunities
Apart from academic activities, students also enjoy other social activities such as Autumn Mooncake festival and Chinese New Year or Spring festivals. As an extension to their innovation journey, we have organized overseas learning expedition to Japan and the United Arab Emirates. The 2026 graduating class will be making a trip to Korea in the spring. Such learning expeditions offer valuable exposure to design cultures and technological innovations beyond the shores of Singapore.


Contact Us
For more information, submit an enquiry at https://cloud.hello.nus.edu.sg/pg-enquiry?acquisition_source_id=B2C_WEBFORM_PG_CDE&programme_code=0618EDICWK.
