Fees and Scholarships
The tuition fee for the MSc Engineering Design & Innovation programme and other miscellaneous fees are as follows. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are subject to prevailing Goods & Services Tax (GST). The University reserves all rights to review fees as necessary and adjust accordingly without prior notice.

Fees
August 2025 and August 2026 intakes
Tuition fee	SGD 53,000 (excluding GST)
SGD 57,770 (including GST) *

To be paid in two equal installments, i.e. start of first and second regular semesters
No additional tuition fee for students who extend their candidature to the third regular semester
Application fee	SGD 109 (including GST)
Non-refundable and non-transferable
Acceptance fee	SGD 5,450 (including GST)
Payable upon acceptance of offer
Non-refundable and non-transferable
Will be credited towards tuition fee
Miscellaneous student fees	As published by NUS Office of the University Registrar
Payable every regular semester
* NOTE: This is based on a GST rate of 9% in 2024 and may be subject to change.
Scholarships
Discover a variety of external scholarship opportunities tailored to support your academic journey. Explore funding options offered by esteemed organisations worldwide designed to recognise your achievements and help you reach your educational goals. From merit-based awards to need-based financial aid, find the resources that align with your aspirations and apply with confidence.

CDE Global Fellowship Programme
Offered by the National University of Singapore (NUS)
The CDE Global Fellowship Programme is open to all outstanding applicants
Ambassadorial roles for the graduate coursework programme
40% rebate for international students
Additional rebate for Singapore Citizens, PRs and NUS alumni
For more details, visit the CDE Global Fellowship Programme web page.

Tuition fee rebate for local students and NUS alumni
All Singaporeans, Singapore Permanent Residents, and alumni of NUS (regardless of nationality) who are enrolled in this MSc programme will enjoy rebates for the tuition fee. Similar to the tuition fee, the rebates are also intake or cohort-based.

(Note: The tuition fee rebate cannot be combined with scholarships, study awards, grants, sponsorships, bursaries, or other types of financial assistance.)

AY2024/2025 intake onwards (August 2025 and August 2026 intakes)
All NUS alumni will enjoy a 40% tuition fee rebate. However, alumni of EDIC's Design-Centric Curriculum / Design-Centric Programme / Innovation & Design Programme can enjoy a rebate of up to 60%.
All Singaporeans and Singapore Permanent Residents who are not NUS alumni will also be extended a 40% tuition fee rebate.
International Scholarships Information
Discover a range of international scholarships designed to help students achieve their academic goals and broaden their horizons. These opportunities provide financial support to ease the journey of studying abroad and focusing on your education.

LPDP (Lembaga Pengelola Dana Pendidikan) scholarship programme
This scholarship is only for Indonesian applicants.
LPDP is committed to preparing Indonesian future leaders and professionals through scholarships and encouraging research innovation through research funding.

You can find detailed information about various scholarships offered by the LPDP programme on their official website: LPDP Official Website.

The LPDP typically holds two application batches each year, and the timeline for this year’s applications can be found here: Application Timeline. The schedule for the next year is generally similar to this.

In addition to the contact details for the governing agency on their website, we also have a Singapore branch of the awardee community. Follow the latest updates and activities through their Instagram account: LPDP Singapore Instagram.

 

Vingroup Graduate Scholarship Program
This scholarship is only for Vietnamese applicants.
For 11 years starting from 2019, Vingroup will offer up to 100 scholarships each year for Vietnamese students to pursue Master’s and Ph.D. degree programs at leading universities worldwide.

You can find detailed information about the Vingroup graduate scholarship program on their official website: Vingroup Official Website.