Master of Science in Engineering Design & Innovation

Ready to change the world? The MSc in Engineering Design & Innovation at NUS is your ticket to tackling 21st-century challenges.
Dive into a dynamic programme where you will team up with peers and professors to solve society’s toughest problems.
We are talking environmental sustainability, global warming, waste overload, urban congestion, overconsumption – big stuff!

Why the EDI Programme?
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Develop an understanding of technology-based design and innovation strategies, and apply design thinking and product design methodologies to develop innovative solutions.
Gain multi-disciplinary perspectives and broader experiences, and develop the skills to work effectively in multi-disciplinary teams with extensive opportunities to hone communications skills.
Cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset to participate in design and innovation activities, which is much needed to enable value creation in any organisation.
Cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset to participate in design and innovation activities, which is much needed to enable value creation in any organisation.
Explore EDI Courses
With 5 epic core courses: Engineering Systems Design, Design Thinking & Product Development, Ideas to Market,
Innovation by Design and a Major Design Project, you will be equipped with all the tools you need to challenge your creativity and passion.
Plus, with elective courses in Design, Enterprise, and Technology, you get to tailor your experience to match your passion.
And don't forget about the hands-on internship opportunities that will give you real-world experience to complement your learning.

Programme Requirements and Courses
CDE5301-moody-upload2 1
Interdisciplinary Design Project
DSC02870
Design Thinking and Product Development
hanna-morris-_XXNjSziZuA-unsplash
Engineering Systems Design
Cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset to participate in design and innovation activities, which is much needed to enable value creation in any organisation.
Ideas to Market
DSC05140
Designing UX/UI for Human-Centred AI
DSC01546
Beyond the Surface: Exploring Interactive Wearables
kvalifik-5Q07sS54D0Q-unsplash 1
Innovation by Design
How to Apply
This MSc programme only admits students once per academic year.

The application window for this intake is now open from 1 October 2025 to 28 February 2026.
Applications must be submitted via the NUS Graduate Admission System.

Our Online Information Session on 3 December at 9:00 PM (SGT) to learn more about the MSc EDI programme.
Additional sessions will be offered on demand for prospective applicants.

APPLY NOW
EDI NEWS
2025-EDI-Mooncake
EDI Community Celebrates Mooncake Festival Together at E2A Foyer
To celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival, the MSc EDI students and staff gathered at the E2A Foyer on 7 October 2025 for a cheerful potluck. Alongside local Singaporean dishes and mooncakes, the table featured snacks and specialties from Taiwan, Korea, Saudi Arabia, and Myanmar, including dates and Burmese milk tea! The afternoon was filled with conversation, laughter, and shared stories, bringing the EDI community even closer together.

photo_2025-07-24 14.36.14
UAE 2025 Overseas Expedition Programme
Beyond the classroom, our students gain real-world experiences that support personal growth and creativity. MSc EDI students may participate in overseas immersion programmes to broaden their horizons and explore new ideas.

Read more >

DSC03916
Japan 2024 Overseas Expedition Programme
Students embarked on a week-long immersion in Japan, visiting leading design labs, studios, and cultural institutions. The programme offered valuable exposure to Japan’s unique blend of technological innovation, traditional craft, and design culture.

Read more >

Contact Us
For more information about this MSc programme, submit an enquiry below.

 Submit an Enquiry